Elevators-media-streamer
🚀	Test Driven Development/ Behaviourial Driven Dvelopment (TDD)	📈

Members of this week's team

Olaolu Adetula
 
🎯 About

Week 10 in CodeBoxx is the Test Driven Development week where unit tests of code are executed:

The content management module was entirely developed with the "red-green-refactor" method and all traces of the application of this method as requested in the deliverables is found in the `code`'log/rspec.out'`code` file in the project repo.


To get the results in the terminal, the code `code`bundle exec rspec --format documentation`code` is run.
 
 
📌 Instructions to access to the admin panel:

To login as Admin:
1. Navigation bar : My Account
2. Login
3. Username: admin@admin.com
4. Password: password

To login as Employee:
1. Username: Email of any employee
2. Password: codeboxx1
 
 
📌 Gems used:
1. gem 'bootstrap', '~> 5.0.0.beta1'
2. gem 'jquery-rails'
3. gem "font-awesome-rails"
4. gem 'devise'
5. gem 'rails_admin', '~> 2.0'
6. gem 'toastr-rails'
7. gem 'cancancan'
8. gem 'rails_admin_rollincode', '~> 1.0'
9. gem 'chartkick'
10. gem 'faker'
11. gem 'multiverse'
12. gem 'blazer'
13. gem 'figaro'
14. gem 'slack-notifier'
15. gem 'twilio-ruby'
16. gem 'ibm_watson'


📌 The queries in mysql:
1. Employee
2. Users
3. Quote
4. Address
5. Battery
6. Building
7. Building Details (Extention Building)
8. Column
9. Customer
10. Elevator
11. Lead

📌 The queries in postgres:
1. Fact Quote
2. Fact Contact
3. Fact Elevator
4. Dim Customer


📚 The three queries:

REST API queries- https://rocket-elevator-api.azurewebsites.net/api/Interventions

API Info

1. Google Maps

    In the backoffice, there is a tab labeled Map that shows all of the buildings in tehe Rocket Elevators database, and when a pin is clicked, information about that building is shown.

2. Twilio

    The Twilio API makes it easy to send SMS.
    Whenever the elevator status changes to Intervention, the technical contact responsible for that building will receive an SMS, with the ID, Serial Number and Status of that elevator.

    Note: in order to receive the message, your number needs to be verified by the Twilio platform.
    https://www.twilio.com/
    

3. Slack

    The Slack API runs from the Slack App created and posts to the appropriate channel via a WebHook URL, and using the slack-notifier gem to aid in posting the specified message in the channel when an elevators status is changed.

4. DropBox

    The DropBox API uses the dropbox_api gem as well as the DropBox App that was created to move and store files assiciated to a customer whenever the specific customer is updated or created. It does so by comparing the customers email address to the adresses of the leads, and if they match it creates a directory using the customer contact name for it and sends the file to dropbox if it isn't already there, and deletes the file from the MySQL database. The files can be viewed here: https://www.dropbox.com/home/Apps/Rocket%20Elevators%20API%20Team%203. After clicking the link, you should be able to view all the directories created by the DropBox API. If for whatever reason this link does not work, the account email is olaadetula@gmail.com, and the password is Codeboxx1! . The file path to the files is then Apps/Rocket Elevators API Team 3/.

5. SendGrid

    For our required purposes the SendGrid API allows us the ability to create autogenerated emails that can be sent to users/clients who sign up or complete forms on Rocket Elevators. When you fill out a contact-us form an autogenerated email is sent to the email address entered into the form.   

6. IBM Watson
    
    If you log in as administrator when you enter or click the 'BackOffice' button there is another button called 'Watson' when that is clicked- it will bring you to a new page; you will need to press the 'update' button first- then give it some time to refresh the audio contents and then you can press play and get live-updates for important information pertaining to Rocket Elevators.

7. ZenDesk

    ZenDesk takes the info from a submitted lead or quote and submits it to a ticket in the ZenDesk workspace for RocketElevators to see and deal with. The tickets can be seen at https://rocketelevators8608.zendesk.com/agent/filters/360208008033, and logged into using the email "olaadetula@gmail.com" and password "123456".
